Come in Alpha-Bravo-Sierra.
Do you read?
I've almost got him.
That last monkey's DNA will
save us from the Apocalypse.
You have to catch him!
I've got him!
Remember, don't stick your penis inside it.
Why would I do a thing like that?
What are you doing solider?
This means war!
Coming this summer!
Mankind has fucked his cousin...
One last time!
The Simian.
Rated PA for post apocalyptic nonsense.
The problem with Darwin is
he was a biologist.
I'm a mathematician.
And we know
that in the world there are two kinds of people.
People who remember how to count,
and people who we can
convince a new way of counting
while fleecing them for every penny they've got
and then charging them for the pleasure.
Capitalism depends on one
thing, and one thing only...
A steady supply of idiots.
Idiots just like you!
You're paying for an education.
What's wrong with reading books on our own?
Well two things,
first - reading is for pussys.
Nobody ever learned anything
useful from reading a book.
Second of all,
you're not here to learn,
you're here to meet people just like yourself.
And lay down on that same
conveyor belt as everyone else.
The conveyor belt that says
"If I do the right things"
"If I play the game dirty enough"
"If I eat enough babies"
"Then I, too, can become
stinking rich and soulless."
Let me be clear,
I am stinking rich...
and soulless.
Yes! Yeah! Awesome! Amazing! Woo! Yes!
Oh my God.
Mr. Fitch, I loved your lecture.
That was amazing.
I love how you made stocks seem,
like, totally exciting.
Yeah, yeah.
and how, how buying a share is sorta like
raping and pillaging, only in a cool way.
Ladies, make this quick.
You're costing me time and time is a cliché.
You think I'm gonna take you under my wing
and become a father figure to you
so you can date my daughter,
and then betray me in the end?
Well, stop wasting my time and
let's get on with narrative gang bang.
Ok, sounds good.
Let's do it.
Listen, I've got a sports car,
I'm rich,
and I'm busy.
But nothing gives me more joy
than corrupting greedy young innocence...
except...
I can only take one of you.
So...
Say goodbye to your friend.
B-B-But we're best friends...
W-We moved to Liberty City together
to pursue our dreams of-of trading stocks.
Sorry bud!
It's time to say goodbye to you,
and to see some glamorous images
set to power pop!
He was holding you and the narrative back.
All this can be yours!
Wait, you mean the whole city?
Just as long as you forsake your friends
and your values.
Yeah! Count me in!
Woof!
What was that?
Foley.
Oh...
So you're saying that all this...
Is yours?
All from selling pieces of
other people's businesses.
I knew at that moment,
it was time to introduce a portentous voiceover.
Stocks.
Credit default swaps.
The whole Capitalistic circle jerk.
Jesus man!
You make maths sound so homoerotic.
It's just like football.
You build up an analogy,
you pat another man on the buttocks,
then the whole thing falls apart
and everyone gets brain damage.
Okay, yeah I think I...
I think I get it.
Who was she?
A hot, brainless women to act as a plot device?
Was she my love interest?
That's Miranda.
She'll never be fully explained,
also she won't talk.
The Actors' Union lets us pay extras
at half the rate.
That's how I got this yacht, Dylan,
by screwing the worker!
That's what made this country the way it is.
Wait, so Adner...
Seriously like...
What's the deal with this?
I mean, you take me under your wing and
everything's really exciting but
it's also at the same time a little bit creepy.
But we haven't even discussed
synthetic collateralized stock options,
or mortgage-backed securities,
or even exotic DNA swaps.
You wanna have...
you wanna have a real conversation?
You wanna go there?
You're ready to face the big boys
and the bold facts of the world
and the way it works?
Well let's go stand in the middle of a park
for literally no reason.
I see something in you Dylan.
You seem naïve
and in need of a father figure.
Because yours probably died...
or is gay.
Umm...
But you're also hungry
and greedy,
and vindictive.
Which I like!
Yeah.
I'm a lion
I eat my young.
But in your case, I'm gonna make an exception.
You're the son I always wanted,
and if you think that this is setting
up an event in an act or two later
when I will present you with a clear moral dilemma
then you are wrong.
Wait, really?
It's happening now!
Let's look at some graphs,
and scales,
and images of skyscrapers.
America really is amazing!
Did you know we're the world's
leading country at graphics?
Listen kid!
Nothing makes me feel more alive
than crushing a man in business,
then destroying a large chunk of the economy.
You really are a Titan!
I am the "Archduke of Metaphors"
I am the...
I am...
No!
No, no, no!
Don't die!
No!
You're not finished yet!
Please!
You can't die on me!
What? Are you crying?
Yeah!
I thought you were dead!
I can't die yet!
My work here isn't finished.
My masterpiece awaits!
What about the talking
monkey that we haven't met yet?
Or-or-or the unexplained dog bark?
Or-or my best friend that got written out?
Or-or-or the sequel rights?
What about the useless VO that no one needs?
Screw you!
Come here I wanna show you something.
What are you doing?
I've hacked in to every major
stock company on the exchange.
Wait, just now?
That seems, like, really easy.
Ah, we can't get bogged down with
the realities of IT and technology.
Just know this,
with the stroke of a
button on this untraceable laptop
every publicly traded company
on the BAWSAQ will be wiped out.
And I've shorted the lot, a complete meltdown.
Finally he said the title.
Good!
We can use this scene in the trailer!
I'll scoop up shares through shell corporations.
And make billions, hundreds of billions.
I won't have this monkey on my back...
Foreshadowing.
Nobody can fucking stop me!
I just said fuck...
I'm an outlaw!
That means we get an R rating.
Wait! Does that mean we have to have sex
with the same women and then like,
watch each other while we do it?
Thankfully not.
Just know this...
Nothing can stop me now!
Except me!
Yeah right, what you gonna do?
Fling your shit at me?
Not him! Me!
Chip!
You fools won't ruin my plan!
We'll race through the city at high speed.
I've just pressed this button.
And now tense music is playing.
And there's data moving really quickly.
Oh my God.
If we don't get that laptop,
good, honest capitalism is dead!
We've gotta get that computer!
Dude!
Why'd you let the monkey drive?
Because it looks cool!
It also properly says something about society
which may or may not be racist,
sexist,
and/or stupid.
Oh shit!
Woo!
You never did get that diploma, did you?
No, but I got something even better Chip.
I got a life lesson,
and we made a new friend.
Gosh, I just love this city.
Me too!
You can have blow delivered right to your door,
and there's this great dim sum joint in Chinatown
where swingers pee on each other.
No, that's not really what I mean.
I mean more the energy,
and the innocent good times.
Man, I can't believe I almost lost everything,
all because I got greedy,
and saw one too many computer graphics.
But you know what?
America's about taking long walks,
with a good friend,
and just loving your country.
It's about apple pie,
and baseball,
and hating injustice.
It's about letting people be heard!
It's about equality,
for everybody!
Hey guys, Miranda, Monkey,
Dylan's weird voiceover.
I'm the mayor.
Hooray!
And you just saved Capitalism
from greed and excess.
Now here's a prize,
It's a song and dance routine,
'cause we all know they don't
write 'em like this anymore.